--GO FUCK YOURSELF CONTRIBUTOR LICENCE AGREEMENT v1.0--

Any digital property and its associated projects licenced under
the "Go Fuck Yourself Private Licence" is subject to all terms
listed inside this document. You are required to acknowledge this 
licence as a contract when working with or around any code 
assocated with the licence. Upon seeing this licence or any of
its associated material you have accepted the terms and conditions
of the "Go Fuck Yourself Private Licence." No Warranty is offered
from any material under this licence. The legal owner of the 
licenced material is not liable for any damaged caused or inffered
by the licenced material.

SECTION 1 – DEFINITIONS.

  a. RESPONSE means that you have been asked to respond to, and/or
     acknowledge, the phrase "Go fuck yourself." You are able to 
     respond to the listed phrase using any observable means, 
     mentally acknowledging the phrase is permitted only if you 
     (The LICENSEE) are within 3 meters of 2 or more persons in 
     a physical area.
  b. LICENSEE means the individual or entity exercising the 
     Licensed Rights under this License. YOU has a corresponding meaning.
  c. LICENSOR means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights 
     under this License. OWNER has a corresponding meaning
  d. LICENCED MATERIAL means the artistic or literary work, database, 
     or other material to which the Licensor applied this License.
  e. CONTRIBUTION means any artistic or literary work, database, or other
     material that a person or entity other than the Licensor has created
     to be used in the Licenced Material
  f. CONTRIBUTOR means a person or entity that has created a Contribution

SECTION 2 - Licence Agreement Condition

  a. USAGE
            1. By creating a Contribution, you, the Contributor, are 
               agreeing to give all rights of your Contribution to the 
               Licensor.
                     i. By creating a Contribution, you are obligated to
                        give a response satisfying the terms in 1(a).
                     ii. Any and all Contributions will automatically be
                         considered Licensed Material and is fully owned
                         by the Licensor.

  b. TERMS            
            1. Being a Contributor does not exempt you from any of the 
               terms and conditions of the "Go Fuck Yourself Private 
               Licence."
